feat(unenv-preset): Remove the experimental flag from _stream_wrap, … (#12024)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/hip-spies-wash.md

---
"@cloudflare/unenv-preset": minor
---

> feat(unenv-preset): Remove the experimental flag from \_stream_wrap, dgram, inspector, and sqlite

Reviewer: The `feat(unenv-preset)` is no longer needed/wanted in changesets...  This came from when we used conventional-changelogs to generate changelogs from commit messages. (Both these are covered by the information in the header of the changeset).

```suggestion
Remove the experimental flag from `node:_stream_wrap`, `node:dgram`, `node:inspector`, and `node:sqlite`
```
